Add custom tags section to sync overview, denote normalized values (#27757)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/sync/index.mdx

not affect the secrets synced with the previous template. It is possible to update an association to force a recreate operation.
The secret synced with the old template will be deleted and a new secret using the new template version will be synced.

## Custom tags

> Destinations can also have custom tags so that every secret association to it that gets synced will share that same set of tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A destination can also have custom tags so that every secret association to it that is synced will share that same set of tags.
```
